---
layout: "layouts/page.njk"
title: Code of Conduct (CoC)
---

**A. Code of Conduct (CoC) of the Nowhere Lab**

By participating in any event organized through Nowhere Lab or in the
Nowhere Lab Slack, you agree to accept this Code of Conduct and abide by
it.

The Nowhere Lab is dedicated to providing a welcoming and supportive
environment for sharing and contributing knowledge, providing community
support, and empowering people, regardless of a person's background or
identity. All participants in our events and communications are expected
to show respect and courtesy to others. The purpose of this Code of
Conduct (CoC) is to enable an environment in which diverse individuals
can collaborate and interact in mutual respect. We recognize a shared
responsibility to create and maintain that environment for the benefit
of all.

Some behaviors, therefore, are specifically prohibited:

1. Discriminating, racist, intimidating, harassing, lewd, demeaning,
bullying, stalking, or threatening speech or actions

2\. Sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, ableist, or exclusionary
statements and jokes

3\. Any real or implied threat of harm

4\. Incitement to violence, suicide, or self-harm

5\. Unwelcome contact (physical or virtual)

6\. Continuing to initiate interaction with someone after being asked to
stop

7\. Unwelcome sexual attention

8\. Sustained disruption of speakers or events (verbally or physically)

9. Publication of identifiable private communication without consent

10\. Retaliation against an individual for reporting or investigating
harassment or other unacceptable behaviors

11\. Sharing of any materials discussed within the Nowhere Lab without
consent from the author(s)

12\. Sharing of any confidential information discussed within the
Nowhere Lab without consent from all involved

13\. Recording of conversations or meetings or presentations without
explicit consent of the persons appearing in the recording

14. Advocating or encouraging any of the above behaviors

14\. Falsely reporting harassment or other unacceptable behaviors

Critical examination of beliefs and viewpoints does not, by itself,
constitute hostile conduct or harassment. Similarly, use of sexual
imagery or language in the context of a professional discussion might
not constitute hostile conduct or harassment if necessary to the topic
of discussion.

We do not tolerate behavior that discriminates or harasses based on
characteristics that include, but are not limited to, sex, gender
identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical
appearance, body size, citizenship, nationality, ethnic or social
origin, pregnancy, familial status, religion or belief (or lack
thereof), membership of a national minority, property, age, education,
socio-economic status, and experience level.

If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this CoC, please send
an email to <dwayne.lieck@gmail.com>.

**B. Reporting of Code of Conduct violations**

If you think any person has breached the Code of Conduct during a
Nowhere Lab event or in the Nowhere Lab Slack, please report this
incident to the Organizational Committee. This can be done in one of two
ways:

A. Write a Slack message to founder Dr. Priya Silverstein.

B. Write an Email to founder Dr. Priya Silverstein
(<priyasilverstein@gmail.com>)

If for any reason you do not feel comfortable with reporting this
incident to Priya, you can report it to any Nowhere Lab member that you
feel comfortable disclosing to, in order for them to send the report to
Priya without revealing the identity of the original reporter.

Any reports will be handled with extreme discretion and the person
reporting an incident will not be revealed if they do not actively
choose to do so.

Please provide as much information about the incident as possible, so
the incident can be best investigated. If possible, this should include:

1\. Name of the person(s) that violated the Code of Conduct

2\. Event at which the incident took place

3\. Date at which the incident took place (as precise as possible)

4\. A list of other people present at the event that could have
witnessed the incident (if applicable)

5\. Code of Conduct point(s) the person(s) violated

6\. Any action that must immediately be taken to ensure the safety of
everybody in the group (if applicable)

After the report is received, an investigation of the report will be
started as quickly as possible. To complete this investigation, the
person reporting the incident and the person(s) reported may be asked to
answer questions regarding the incident. If it is decided that the Code
of Conduct has been violated, the authority to enforce it (as described
below) will be used by the founder at their own discretion.

**C. Enforcement of the Code of Conduct**

The person(s) reported will be notified to immediately cease the
reported behavior(s) and to cooperate to resolve the matter (the name of
the reporter will not be used if it is not explicitly wanted by them).
If this is not done or the founder rules that the Code of Conduct has
been violated, sufficient reason is given to them to enforce the Code of
Conduct in one or more of the following ways:

1\. Verbal warning.

2\. If both sides explicitly agree, mediation between all parties
involved.

3\. Banning of the offender from Nowhere Lab activities for a specified
or indefinite time period.

If the person reporting a violation should want to report the incident
to an outside body (i.e., law enforcement), they may do so at their own
discretion.
